[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movies spoiler alerts today we're
talking about the 2018 science fiction
film ready player one so let's get
started in 2045 the virtual reality
universe Oasis created by James Halliday
in Ogden Morrow of gregarious games is
where many people spend most of their
life after holidays death his avatar
anorak announces a challenge granting
ownership of Oasis to the first to find
the golden Easter egg which requires
three keys the quote-unquote bad guy
Nolan Sorrento the CEO of innovative
online industries ioi uses a number of
servants in their loyalty centers and
employees to find the egg first Wade
watts lives in the slums of Columbus
Ohio with his aunt Alice in Oasis his
avatar receival is best friends with ake
Rosie will be friends Artemis and they
review Halliday's life with the help of
the curator to try to find clues about
finding the keys using this information
preserve all artemis and ache and his
friend Dido and show the group calling
themselves the high five solve the first
two challenges in anoraks game IO eyes
CEO Sorrento learns of receivables
identity and asks him to join ioi when
he refuses Sorrento boxes home killing
his aim Artemis is player Samantha
rescues Wade but they are soon found by
IO i samantha is captured and sent to a
loyalty center the hi-five help her
escape and she assists them in Oasis's
third challenge which requires playing
the Atari 2600 game adventure in a
castle on Planet doom which Sorrento has
protected with the forcefield receival
recruits other Oasis players to attack
the ioi forces Artemis deactivates the
forcefield allowing for zville to reach
the console but Sorrento activates a
bomb that kills all the avatars on
planet doom however having won a coin
from the archives curator earlier pros
evil gets an extra
life in place of the game to find the
Easter egg and is awarded the last key
he is greeted by anorak who gives him a
contract to sign
however he recognized it's the same
contract Mauro sign to turn over his
part of Gregorius games and refuses
anorak becomes Halliday and reveals that
the contract is the final test to make
sure pro's evil would not make the same
mistake he did receival is given control
of Oasis Sorrento is arrested for the
bombing one of the original creators
Mauro is revealed to be the curator and
offers as his services to Wade Wade runs
Oasis with the other high five bands io
is loyalty centres and shuts down the
Oasis twice a week to allow people to
take part in the real world so that was
the spoilers for ready player 1 if you
have another film you'd like to see us
spoil please let us know in the comments
below
check out movie spoiler alerts on
Instagram and remember to Like and
subscribe thanks for watching